-[intense music]
-Drop it. Now.
-Yeah hey cool it man, no problem, no problem at all.
-Who are you?
-Star-lord.
--Who?
Star-lord man legendary outlaw. Forget it.
-[Music] [Doors Opening]
-We arrested these five bands and off check out the rap sheets.
-Drax aka the destroyer since his wife and family were killed he’s been on a rampage across the galaxy for vengeance.
-Gamora soldier assassin wanted on over a dozen counts of murder.
-Rocket wanted on over 50 charges of vehicular theft and escape from lockup.
-What the hell.
-Groot he’s been traveling recently as Rocket’s personal houseplant slash muscle.
-Peter jason quill he's also known as star lord.
-who calls him that?
-Himself mostly.
-He’s wanted largely on charges of minor assault , public intoxication and fraud.
-Oh, I’m sorry I, I didn’t know how this machine worked.
-[music]
=Hey hey hey! That’s mine!
-You son of a bitch. Hey take those headphones off RIGHT NOW!
-[zapping]
-[intense music]
-They call themselves the guardians of the galaxy.
-What a bunch of a-holes
-[music]